1. What work experience do you have as a Administrative assistant?
	I have spent five years as an executive assistant with Wiler, Inc. in administrative support roles. As the current executive assistant to the CFO, I frequently collaborate with other administrative assistants to perform calendar management, coordinate international travel and assemble research reports for the financial specialists in our six offices around the world. At the beginning of last year, I optimized our email filtering system to improve office communication and reduce the amount of missed messages by 28%. I understand that your company depends a lot on email communication, so I want to use my organizational abilities to achieve faster communication processes in this office

2. What work experience do you have as a Social media specialist?
	My experience includes a variety of marketing and advertising opportunities. In college, I was the ad intern at the local radio station, where I designed event posters for local concerts and music festivals. Then I worked as a market research assistant, analyzing consumer data and drafting reports for the marketing director. My other positions allowed me to practice applying research to writing ad copy, social media posts and a few radio commercial scripts. As your social media specialist, I would want to continue sharing my research insights and improving my ability to transform consumer data into actionable, engaging content.

3. What work experience do you have as a Senior financial consultant?
	I have 10 years of experience in personal finance management, and I have assisted 45 repeat clients in increasing their capital by an average of 15% every year. As a financial analyst, I utilized visual growth charts to show my clients how each saving plan option can impact their goals. When I became a senior financial analyst, I supervised other analysts and trained them in providing the most helpful experience to our customers. As your senior financial consultant, I aim to integrate my individualized approach to helping clients build the retirement fund they will depend on.

4. What work experience have you gained that will help you with this job as a waiter/waitress?
	I have some strong work experience that will help me with this job if I am successful.  I worked for a year as a student in a local Pizza restaurant.  That helped me to get confidence in talking to the public, and also showed me that this is a job where I will need to work hard.  I then worked for a short while in a kitchen, helping the chef.  That showed me the other side of working in a restaurant, so I can understand the importance of giving the chef accurate information with orders.  I also worked for a while in a bank.  That shows that I am confident with handling money, which will help when I take payment for meals.

